Introduction Transcript - AUDIO ONLYSUMMARY KEYWORDSskin, feel, skincare, work, guess, lauren, number, age, fine lines, product, change, statement, brooke, care, sleep, agree, sounds, science, makeup, people06:38What I'll do is if that's okay to begin, I'll do a bit of intro, tell you a little bit about the session and what we're going to talk about today.06:48And06:50then we can take it from there. So first off, thank you so much for for coming along today. We certainly can't do our job if if people don't come and agree to speak to us. So that's great. We really appreciate your time. My name is Sam, I work for a market research agency.07:14But yeah, the purpose of what we do is to speak to people, share things with them, get some feedback on it,07:22and then figure out what to do with it really for our clients.07:26So we've got some ideas to share with you today, you will probably gathered from the recruitment process that it's going to be we're going to be talking about skincare.07:37So we've got some ideas and some things to show you, which will hopefully be interesting, maybe even fun.07:44Yeah, so there are a few housekeeping things. It's it's a very informal conversation, I'll be looking at a guide that I've got to make sure that we were asking the right questions, but it's an informal conversation. There are no right or wrong answers. I'm just here to find out what you think about things.08:03And if it's okay with you both we are recording the session today, but it's purely for our benefit, internal use, so that we can go back and review things and make notes etc. I'm not very good at doing two things at once, basically. So I can,08:18they can listen, but it's hard for me to write things down to. So that's really useful for me if you're08:25sure.08:28Yeah, absolutely. No problem. Great stuff. Thank you. So if the did you guys have any questions of me before before we dive in?08:38Perfect. Well, I guess the08:41place to start would be if you could do a quick intro of yourselves. So if I could just get your first name. Tell me a little bit about what you do for work or some interest that you have or who's in the house. You know, anything like that. That might just help me better understand you guys.09:02Lauren, can I go first? Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. So I'm Lauren. I am 39 years old. I live in09:13Inglewood, California, LA County. And Mary. I do. I like to say event coordinating flash catering. Yep. So I do a little bit of the business side09:28help along with the catering side also kind of a family thing.09:33You know, just do some events and catering around the city. That's pretty fun. A little stressful sometimes, but it's it's fun and the less about Yeah, what do you do for fun? Lauren? What's what's what hobbies there? Huh?09:50I love going to the movies. I love going to concerts. What else?09:57My little Furbabies right here next to me.10:00Though he, you know, takes up a lot of my time when I'm not working, taking care of him he literally a child. And what else? I'm starting to dabble in photography, though. So that's fun and expensive also.10:15Yeah, those are some things I like to do. When I have some free time. Listen to music.10:22Great. Thank you, Lauren. That's great. It's nice to meet you. Thank you again for taking part today.10:34Brooke, myself, so, my name is Brooke. I'm 47 years old. I live in the San Fernando Valley.10:44For hobbies, I enjoy hiking, walking outdoors activities just to get out and fresh air. Good for the mind, the body, the soul. I do a little weightlifting. When I have free time. Once in a while. I work with kids. I've worked with kids my whole life. I love kids. All ages I've worked with and I really enjoy taking good self care of myself because I am 47 But I don't want to look 47 Okay, interesting. Yeah, you know, look forward. Thank you. Good Doctor.11:15Well, I think we're gonna have a lot to talk about.11:18I'm not know, can I just check before? Is there anyone else in here? We've got some people observing11:24the groups if that's okay. Just interested in what you got to say. Is there anybody else in here who is meant to be participating who is not yet introduced themselves? I've just got a few people that are in the in the room? I don't think so. But I'm just to double check. Often. Okay, well, we'll we'll get cracking. So I think it's just the three of us, Lauren, Brooke.