SUMMARY KEYWORDSskin, feel, sookie, skincare, bit, products, skincare routine, linda, put, vitality, work, collagen, glow, ally, older, weeks, important, lifestyle, ali, thinking00:00and how some ideas feel to you and gather your opinions if that's right. Is that right? So, so please just say what you think, you know, there's no right or wrong answer. It's not as if there are no prizes for you know, getting something right. And also, nobody's gonna shout at you. If you say the wrong thing. There isn't a wrong thing. Oh, okay.00:20Yeah.00:21Great. The other things that I should tell you are, hopefully zoom told you when you joined the call that this was being recorded. Did you get that that message? Yeah, yeah. And is that okay with everyone?00:35Yeah, yeah. It's,00:36it's basically just for the people who are working on this project. So it never goes any further than that. It was, it will never make you famous. I'll put it that way. It's just for the particular team working on this. And also, we've got some people who asked us to team we've got a kind of virtual back room, and I've got a couple of colleagues who are sitting in there listening in if that's alright, with you, too. Yeah, just again, they're working on this and they're keen to hear firsthand what you've got to say. Well, okay. Yeah. Shareen How you doing? Uh, can you switch your camera mic on? Yep. There we go. Right. So I've got Sookie le and Shareen. All on on mute at the moment. There we go. Sookie. Is that01:23just like a one on? People? I can't hear anybody else.01:27Ah, no, no, it's just on mute. Yeah, it's a constant thing, isn't it? Since we've been in lockdown, you're on mute. Right. So now we know a little bit about what we're doing. It would be great to know a little bit about each of you if that's okay. Is it okay? If we just take take turns and just, it would just be great to find out a little bit about you and your life. Maybe a little bit about home the kind of things you're interested in. Is that right? Yeah, yeah. Linda, how about you go first? That would be great.01:57Right, so I live southwest so I live in between risk pinbar so it's quite a nice route half rural and half city life. I have three adult children and grandchildren. So obviously kept very busy. Just enjoy everybody. It's just, you know, trying to be as fitness healthy as we can as we get older. And looking after ourselves, you know, through you know, determines and eating the right foods and obviously as I mean, because this is a skincare market research. You know, truthfully, as I'm getting older, I really want to look after my skin and put the best thing I can on my skin. So02:45we'll talk a lot about that, Linda, that's great. Thanks for getting us started. Sookie. How about you?02:51Hi, everybody. I'm Sookie I live in West London with my husband and 44. My background is in criminal law. I used to be a criminal law prosecutor. Now I'm a consultant working for myself. I like to travel. I'm going to Vietnam next week for five weeks. And I like chakra healing. And I like playing chess and be my husband.03:18Fantastic. Good to meet you. Sookie. Ali, how about you?03:25Hi, yeah, I live in share. I'm 39 just approaching a big 40 next year. Got two young kids going a bit run ragged once for one day. But yeah, I am a bit of a slacker for a new beauty product. I love looking at Instagram, Facebook and looking at reviews and like anything that kind of little treat for myself. When life's all about the kids. Sometimes it's nice to kind of go shopping and look cleaning products. So yeah, that mean,04:00brilliant. Great. Well, we'll come back to that as well. Thanks, Ali. Shareen we've lost you again. Can you hear? Tell us a little bit about you.