SUMMARY KEYWORDSskin, feel, fabian, work, bit, ageing, age, rachel, alex, change, daniela, younger, claudia, put, number, live, people, great, daniella, skincare05:08Hi, Claudia. Hi, Daniela. Hi.05:12Hi, Fabian.05:16Hi.05:18And we should have Alex just coming through05:25Hi, Rachel. Hello.05:33Okay, all right. Great. Rachel, I'm sorry, I'm looking for you confused because I had an Alex on my list or not, Rachel. That's why I'm being a bit vague. But obviously there must be over.05:44On out, we've got Alex.05:47So,05:48great. Thank you very much for, for coming on tonight. Really appreciate you making the mind. Let me tell you a little bit about what we're doing.05:59Oh, hang on, just let me.06:03Sorry, that's just someone else just, I'll let you tell it. I'll tell you a little bit about what we're doing. First off my06:09this is a good start, isn't it? I can't get my first sentence up. Anyway, my name is Anne. I'm a market researcher. I do this kind of thing all the time on all different subjects.06:20And tonight, we're talking about skin and skincare, and all things to do with skin.06:26Which is a lovely thing to talk about, I think. But I do this on all kinds of things. So anything from mortgages to holidays, to paper plates to athletes, but I only tell you this, so you know that I am completely independent. We've got some ideas and some thoughts really to have a look at tonight. And I'd love to see what they mean to you, you know how how strongly they apply to you or they don't, and just see how you feel about them. But I only tell you that I'm independent. So you know that I've got no vested interest at all in what comes out of this. I am purely interested in what you think and how you feel about some of these things. Is that okay?07:02Yeah, yeah. Okay. So you please do do speak up? And just speak your mind. Really? There's no right or wrong answer. It's just whatever you think.07:12Okay. Yeah. All right. Great. Brilliant. Okay. So, yes, hopefully, when you joined zoom, it told you that this was recording, is that okay?07:23Yeah, yeah, it's basically for, I get to watch it back, and also my colleagues with me, so that they can sort of see direct what you've had to say, but it doesn't go any further than that. And also, I've got some colleagues who are in a kind of virtual back room who are listening in, if that's alright, with everyone.07:43Yeah, again, just do their work on this are really keen to hear firsthand. Okay. Yeah, great stuff. Okay, so, so so so before we go any further, it would be great to find out a little about a little bit about each of you, if that's all right. So, if we go around, if you just give us a first name, a little bit about you and your life, really, if you work what you do if you do anyone at home with you what you're interested in doing that sort of thing.08:11Is that right? Yep.08:14Fabian, do you mind if I ask you to go first? No, that's fine. I'm Fabian, I am a primary school teacher. And I live with my husband and two children, and two cats, who08:31are children and 17 and 13. And I live in North West lung or North London suburb. And I enjoy socialising with friends and family, going out to places of cultural interest, above all travelling and08:49shopping, going to theatre cinema, and swimming.08:55Fantastic. I'm quite exhausted hearing it. And I'm sorry that I laughed when you're introducing yourself. That'd be and it's just because you and Danielle are obviously cat people. I just saw two cats.09:08Thanks very much for going along. Daniela, do you want to step in and go next? Oh, hi. Sorry about that. That was rather announced then. I'm Daniella. I live in Finchley. That's North London. This is Nika.